Init shell for posthog code docs (#16472)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/posthog-code/environments.mdx

> ---

Reviewer: @jonathanlab i think this is you?

---

> title: Environments

Author: ```suggestion
title: PostHog Code environments
```

|---|---|---|
| Local environment | [Worktree](/docs/posthog-code/tasks#worktree) tasks | A setup script that runs when a worktree is created |
| Cloud environment | [Cloud runs](/docs/posthog-code/cloud-runs) | Network access rules and the secrets and environment variables the cloud workspace gets |

Local mode tasks don't use environments. They run on your computer in the repo as it already exists, so nothing needs to be prepared.

## Local environments

[Worktrees](/docs/posthog-code/worktrees) run in a different directory than your local checkout, so they don't have the dependencies or files that aren't tracked by git. A local environment fills that gap with a setup script that runs once, when a new worktree is created.

Use it to install dependencies, run migrations, start background services, or do anything else that needs to happen to make a fresh worktree workable.

Local environments live in the repo, so they're committable and shared with your team. Once one is in place, every new worktree gets a project that's already installed and ready.

You can manage your worktree environments in PostHog Code in the **Settings**.

## Cloud environments

> A cloud environment controls how a [cloud run](/docs/posthog-code/cloud-runs) is configured: what network it can reach, and what secrets and environment variables get injected into the workspace.

Author: ```suggestion
A cloud environment configures [cloud runs](/docs/posthog-code/cloud-runs), including what network it can reach, and what secrets and environment variables are injected into the workspace.
```

Network access can be configured with three different levels:

> - **Trusted.** A curated allowlist (GitHub, npm, PyPI, and similar).
> - **Full.** Anywhere on the internet.
> - **Custom.** Your own allowlist of domains, optionally with the trusted set included.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Trusted:** A curated allowlist (GitHub, npm, PyPI, and similar).
- **Full:** Anywhere on the internet.
- **Custom:** Your own allowlist of domains, optionally with the trusted set included.
```

> Manage cloud environments in PostHog Code under **Settings**.

Author: ✅
